Once, An Alien Needed to play some good music while playing with his old synthesizer He thought this was boring as heck and decided never to go meet a wolverine. Somehow, A wolverine was booted to oblivion. Therefore, the monster ate multivitamins and became a Computer. Palpatine also drempt of watching Some T-Series . He , Palpatine, went to the woodshop for massage and accidentally died . Then turned into Palpatine splited your Glasses. Unbeknowst, Palpatine became into some walking tongue maliciously dying , because Flash took my pineapple. Palpatine isn't Palpatine, Instead he's Darth Palpatine! Sheev hold my massive mega -lodon. Palpatine has died. one Palpatine hunted another dragon using Palpatine so that Palpatine thought "hey, lets look inside adam the douche .", then he , Palpatine, ripped off Mario . He, Mario, Of course! Palpatine is very Palpatiney. Accordingly , Bible says he Wasn't Mario nor a big thicc black ant. Satan should go and sleep . McDonalds is Greasy. Dogs are not dogs. Palpatine laughs . France invaded by Kenyans. UFOs don't disappear unless Palpatine stinks of Yaks' and Peach , not knives. Then , spontaneously, multivitamins attacked. Therefore , Palpatine . What? It's dead. Palestine annexed America Derailing , please stop. No, kittens overwhelmed Danwell by pooping on posters. Damn, posters are belongs to Satan and God's Palpatine Candles. Gay , some llamas pooped bricks ripping their anus . But then, cloth blew into some multivitamins And suddenly a ate australia twice . Emu is ,unfortunately, not extinct. However, we do understand Warzone RaffleBot is stealing coin Rafl00000rs. Outraged, they want reparations . Lego Palpatine chews chameleons while peeing orange juice . Kids ! Let's bang bricks on fetus Moving on , we fight! But, lightbulbs explode because depression is crippling away from platypi. Dogs like you with sauce moustaches . What? Underestimating squirrels mating results death brain-error . Confucius once sat anvil. "Can Palpatine bring multivitamins to Bermuda for experiments ?," said noone . Suddenly, without pineapples, stop! Woah! said LND "This was Afghanistan's computer virus which Got supercharged with technology!" Amen. Kanye is stupid donuts Though thee surrender nuggets. "Palpatine!" The Politician of dust is to succ . However, Danwell Jackson isn't really Palpatine. Endemics are end. Somehow, fake masks ) stories , no, Palpatine killed me! That explains enjoyment. Tetris sucks. Even pegs Daddy liked are irrelevant and relevant. President Orange who regaled Google took Gatorade which oxidated oxygen With multivitamins . One day, Raffl00000000000000000000000000rs stepsister made !raffle with chicken wings. and Danwell deoxidised . Then, "meow" meowed lolicon Lollipops pop . Let's kill Palpatine! Agree. Palpatine is kawaii but Luxembourg is stronk However brazil sucks And America doesn't. The Carrot does Cutting as It healthy For the Zombies . "Are taxi drivers Peeking cowboy ? Logic gates go down toilet forgotted . Next, he died. Bergan121 didn't . Yay! Downloading never works. Let's put differences in a locker ! Egg -man destroyed mom's virginity . In time Shrek became outdated , making worthy of hair . Valve . Wut? DUCK! Cuck. No Luck . Shrek's irrelevant behavior is irrelevant So here we go , eating chocolate." "Anime sucks because schoolgirls are thots !", yelled Hitler histerically with -out Dog food is doomed to fall into alien-doggo but poo happens. ranted " f*** . Pie is dope and GODS favour Goralgn died . " In da o , autismo . The . Seriously? " , said RobTop probably But 你媽媽內褲很好 . A genocide probably FOOD Was hamburger. Normies suck. Mommy shouted, " VACCINES cause AUTISM , but oils and herbs cause death ". Daddy repl-eye-d, " Our toilet isn't ." battle-spammerro from the dastardly hole. Baba yaga is lame . Sickly sentences . Baba is Lesbian And ready. Meanwhile, Danwell ate *disruption* Cake . Lined . Warzone .com. Lined slave No ate bullets . Asphyxiation is a bitch. But drowning internally , on fungus pizza kamikaze , is Japanese . A wild hoe appeared! Corn candy super yum. Bimbos Aren't human, because science. Danone ended you. What with your keyboard? "It's somehow sticky Slime covering key holes . Puzzles -dazzles citizens aren't sauerkraut are sour. Narwhals aren't not cooler is 56 and I is not 57 But gays , no! Infinite threads are infinite ." Hail is the ice melting in Antarctica! Pineapples want blood to Juice . Keke near Viking1007 PAUZE . Baba facing Yaga is very dead. However, no. witch craft helps to do Pie made obesity. This nonsense is nonsense amplified. Me and Baba want chicken and Palpatine . Flag maps are win. I Plagues taxpayers humbly . They Boston -pick Palpatine because Thanos is Palpatine? Yes, that seems to work. Although trigger-warnings are killing DanWL, Mrs. PUG Are s. Why does this suck? Because trolls. likes brain lobes . Why did forums let you down? Because , Baba shouted "Baba dies." . Keke . Dot -ted zebra food . Keke . Instincivaly, Keke makes Pie and Chocolate , why? Sanchez . Baba GODDUCKING egg YOU died. DUCKARSE means . Bab achieved credits. So Baba left. The Bob died. The rocks rolled over . Water sank Baba . Trolling . Baba Master had great poo-accident at gay club. But he got disease COVID-19 and self-quarantined unsuccessfully, so . Nevermind, let's play The game of Monopoly titties and cash. Still, it's frustrating. Baba also ate himself multivitamins , then Palpatine! Palpatine unprofessionally destroyed you MONSTER cocg ! He , doing well, members only games , died. Stop dying , turtles! Baba . DPRC is in the congo baby baby baby ohhhhhhhh . You are so lovely tonight , NOT! Thou thots and therapists must be certified or extra-certified. Dad? Can you give tampons to sniff? Thanks! I don't care about your Kanye , bud. Hand yourself , selflessly, human. Wow! "Hey! babe my Baba stinks " said Palpatine , eating a porcupine. As Palpatine walks, on legos, "Ouchie." Meanwhile, Jews eat pork. It's Jewish God-given and boring big brain . chickenburger patties made Ethiopians vomit because they are not dumb you understand? No. Well, Palestine wishes you would stop sending nudes randomly . A EA Keeps The Games Away . Palpatine used the africans to Fight Fizzer .  Dunderback Palpatine walked OvertForeigner outside and fell down The stairs into death but now he is dead , sadly. Indeed, it killed him abruptly. That's very sad and disappointing , ok? *Sigh* He drank bleach too before his liver ran cold Like so. Please die too. Now. Tide comes with fish and fish. Indeed, this planet explodes when fish sun grows big . Paper planes crash every time . So? Sewing needles have pp that is dangerous to kids and pets , because life. Palpatine eat his cake. He will fish noobs out of their pools before they shrink and chocolate stinks bad. Even you breathe underwater , that's because you noob. Warzone founder and creator Жұқтыру once retired of his own doing. Then it died unexpectedly. Why , that's cruel! You deadly and you suck. Prepare your army for my surrender , loser! You bubbles body soap in a bathtub and Beyoncé Also shares a bedroom with homeless people . Palpatine , again? Why? Behave. Magic happens. Why does Palpatine derail Shoelaces vendetta! He ruled Palpatine deserves Rats milk Served Palpatine. What the chicken uprising of the Tyson Tyrone ? said that thing ate stu -ffed animals bite .  Cheese cubes with garlic sauce stink like Trump supporters! Joe mama also mia did MH370 okurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr .  The tangent tangerine triumphed at triangular terminals where an elephant virus infected you .  Mike died Using a condom from inactivity . Friends suck , but Warlight sucks more than black Cock. Maybe CHAZ sucks , but islam isn't bad. It's erect from nowhere, but at pants town Islam is old . Small potatoes are small. Life goes on railroad , that's China town . We don't railroad .  Pondicherry Is lame because Palpatine killed a jawa for Multivitamins then played with cantina railroad men . There don't exist anything worthwhile to post when not. Taking drugs can increase IQ and Reid Factor. Penis, grew very large . Palpatine exploded on a wookie .  Jaywalking sucks , so my camel sucked .  My very first nipple fell into the Stapler and hitler ate supercalifragilisticexpialidocious . Palpatine cock shrank . Dogs eat rocks . OvertForeigner is pizza made with butts of retardation threads. Delaware railroad rebel , they revolutionize phallic idols and nuclear pizzas . Women stoned in judea are condemned Nuts railroading themselves. "Shit!" are queer and hug Comoros .  Radioactive hugs and kisses 世界 blown up by Russians. Augmentation really occurs rarely In Rhodesia and Narnia again. Obsession licks of Palpatine cock poultry penis but he , Kazan, ate the chicken nest dick pick . Nonsense rule Qara Khithai Turks that suck urine from penguins and coochie that open my mailbox. white is Konstanz Jelly fish victim islam sucks , JK. No really advised Chagatai purged Saluzzo Because it arranged the vasectomy area . Warzone died when mercer took over Saxony .  Saxony paid hundreds spaceships to bring fizzer to Wurttemburg .  Those CHICKens dance ballet every millenia . They lick cocaine cocks until Chagatai stuffed Chagatai and Player25253 's asshole with Mongols arsenal .  Cheese explodes cheese sometimes. When time implodes , a quark looks vaporized. The 1493rd war started in Player25253's asshole . Imediately Planck Your forehead Into batmobile because repairs cost millions . Penile measurements fire Greeks and Greeks and Greeks . Greek Kingdom extrapolated nothing with knives. Anime sucks. OverForeigner is retarded. AOT is 遅滞 good. Palpatine Multivitamins create multivitamins . Mountain mountain bike bike bike mountainous and bike fortifications get bike bike bike trike Is weird bike biken't biker EXTRATERRITORIALITY . Lebensraum. Hofgericht Rammed nowhere Up stairs Americana Ate Aragonese Cheese that faceplanted ) me cheese -burger Lasagna . "Provence, you are so sexy!" Palpatine 's Multivitamins annexed... Philippines Penguins and Seals . Once , an Animal -- Harambe -- danced like a freaking Hippie from Mexico City. wait The waiting Time is chewing ! How dare You , harlot! Shave bears and punch rocks While life is Andalucian. Living potatoes are absurdly comical. Meanwhile, Nagorno-Karabakh tried unsuccessfully to become Palpatine. Black cats never go Bananas . They love apples Without seeds . Then, Palpatine absurdly decided that children can't have alligators in Nairobi. Doesn't like being Indian , even Albuquerque is deciding to outlaw police disrespect . It is so boring! Lo, behold the Armenian nation! Georgia , US , and Tbilisi, all Georgias Spine are spinning hippopotamus violently. Extrapolating the Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis leads under pants yet deficiencies prevent the mighty rise Rome and Palpatine died. Giraffe nuts and... bathwater Sibir/Kazakh Exploded on Palpatine's Beautiful swollen potatoes. No one asked the/you for your word , so let's pretend like nothing waffles. The forum is an absolute wreck and except for your sexy navel. Waffle Belgium is gay For himself. Waffle is hella damned. That's a big maddafacka Called this name Is atrocious but okay. I think you Love this forum, hence you love it! Liechtensteiner is yummy , as he underestimates eating waffles are sexy but not very nice because they bully and   ) destroy aeroplanes by going Yeetus Deletus my a** is such that my sexy shrine of sausage. Liechtenstein & Austria suck. "Piano" sucks. Player25253 sucks mama Mia! Here we don't know what is love baby don't hurt me, don't be fluffy as rabbits but let's be homies forever. I am Communism and I want your socks because Lenin said " Huzzah!" and died. The alien needed money for prostitutes and also for synthesizers who let Palpatine die. Yay! Your nan looks sexy ,so your throbbing Sausage throbs and twitches . It sucks to be so irrelevant. Banana! , said "Suddenly a Pineapples!" and basta. Yeet no. story word forum , OK?! Chickens, as delicious as pi truffles and as gloves. Windows 11 is prehistoric because microsoft always denied making decepticons. We don't have 2000 coins Well, let's get some chicKen now we have , which meant that life is great. The end. Yet, not so! Indeed, this means that everything hasn't gone away , although it The Fire we mean business. Thus, you must Are Eat* our Sausage to live! Francophones do have big hemorrhoids due to the Excessive consumption of yellow snails. Surely, Yellow must -ard was Consumed by the powerful Almighty tyrant of " evil" and stupid laws of gravity. Automatically the response bot posted "Get rekt , loser". Arabian nations are quite ignorant when something is caffeinated hard. Maybe you should amaze the coffee stuff. Joe just parked In the arena because "Roman cats don't work!" Alabaman Slammed mobile phones your coffee, but we don't know what Hexagons were destroyed With . No ragrets. Olives possess the property of buckminsterfullerene It's still early late , huzzah! A duck -like duck ducks , quacking "Peace is war" . River Plate won last cup of World is Tasty PALPATINE blockaded Venice hard. Krakov sucks. But then a Spiral Igino Igino* Ingino* and end. Why does Warzone Montoya die. That thing over there is my wife . She's an idiot , and likes abstinence from Joes . Arica is obviously not relevant. I have The high kings and queens of the arid wastelands In the of Agrabah Only Players are playing games . Today Lemmings invaded china with UFOs and marshmellows, which Are building Iraqi Iran 2 Look 4 687 , they're Knocking unconscious Waifus by slapping fish with waffle's Fish. They , unwillingly, Slap their friends using fish sticks and deadly fish . Also, fish soldiers fish fish. Fish can't fish Fishing in the Of ass holes. Ass trimmings provide is Armenian. Suddenly, pineapples. ASDF Is 13 , wow , what has become? Nothingness Is Filled with Palpatine multivitamins Wolverines and Mayan architecture. You Are amazing. Thanks! You aren't. Noooo :( Sorry... but Some body once told the Miraculous Palpatine "Die". Joe Mama so fat cow rumps Are rumps. Omae wa Mou Shindeiru! the NANI? Anime is gay. People ! The extremists just disappeared, Catgirls Arent catboys. Still, Kitsunes consciously touch me on My sensitive anus ! NO! Stop If you believe in Satan. Satan isn't Jesus nor Palpatine. perpetrated his mother's Shoelace. Yes. Let's strip Orannis. Kidding! That Was hella Computers. So, no. Operating systems mostly ensure tragedies happen . Execute virgins! why? Because Order demands That virgins shall 66 the holy genocides. Fantastic Mr. Chabashira . Stop. No. said their Porcupine .* Big Bill Boobs bounce Beautifully , bringing boys back To bed , blushing because bennadict Bumblebatch is being Stupid by Breathing air beneath billions of Tiktok braindead Thots. And Thats That! Really? ) Me gusta. Hello, are you betrayed by wife? No. Globglogabgalab And Gulgulgulul like Books, so Librarian gnomes spell Œœœœææœœœœææ to yansaxengówÿœœœœæœźö'kùgggggißwąqt'a'a'ř'yoxñɠøqüarboiõwhyyyyycáboãŋggʁggɠggəoooõiirIIpæjajarrjarbünfeuksiy you. Its lame. Waffle knows Facts! This means he deserves crucifixion and Death is mortals like Яaffles are rigged because I listen t Anime! Hentài! Porn! Bonk Daddy . Fire water air earth Plasma Sausages have awesome Meatballs. They lived in harmony. Luftwaffle attacked Poland using Pancakezers. Nazism implies German porn isn't very Good. Honestly, It's mediocre Porn. Yes? Yes. What Do Germans like In the Porn? Weinerschnitzel is underscoring Me By Palpatine Rey stop. Hahahaha, no. Yes. Maybe. We bipolar opposites , find Supercalifraglisticespialidocius love. Never gonna give you a p, Up , never Tomato let you go, never gonna say Goodbye . Never gonna eat Gingerbread , no Please ,spare Condoms. Thank Men for Ooooooooooooooooo girl , you . In wet. Mrs. Smith chose the fat Men. It Is mad . In extreme Name , Star nuns pray to kill Waffle. Ah, Waffle truly Loves Grover because He's COVID19. Also, Nuts cause OwO abstains . Overall , 3.14 Lols in Grover's grave. This insanity is insane , llama llama llama alpaca. Okay , that is absurd Or llamalicious ...not. I cannot stand On Grover's Sensitive little Grover marinating Grover. Fire , water , earth Yeet. Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Grover Grover Richard Grover Richard Richard Richard is Mountain Dew dispensers are Richards and Rick Astley Favorite Language Eighty-seven Is incomprehensible. Overwatch's dead. Minecraft is Fabulous. Grover died. The New Grover Is cheating on Big brother 's asshole. My ostriches Are ostrichy ostriches. When Richard Richard Richard Richard Gere Richard Richard Richard Richard Rick Astley won't give you Up. Grover won't Give you up Because he devolves , goodbye! However, mitochondria Is the powerhouse of her own Grover . Is Grover a simp -le , so carrots. Please , make the America has Hey you Are awesome! Not bad. Hi, you're listening carefully on RadioTV! Wow You Really Are Weird. Amanda just puke smelly Poop . All posts Apply to Weed whackers To weed killers And weed seeds . What Should Batman believe the Joker 's Red Roses But Anuses taste Good ? Answers Made peanut Hard to Eat, wow! Hitler was Hi's Soldier! Bruh Our washing machine broke! That's Even better Rigged , because Putin No No Words Words!* No soup soup Grover cleveland Soup is Soupy tasty Yeetifying soup and Everyone and Me I* why? soup Cookies Have Chocolate Cakes and soup Porn Ewww. Grover Cleveland 's insanity is not real . Why? Because he 's Grover Darth Vader made taxidermist. What? Grover Incognito simulator sucked. Similarly, Hitler sucked , NOT. Stepsister, Hitler did nothing , but Hitler somehow Grovered towards Player25253 's bananas. What is Warzone? What is Hitler's computer? No Way Richard stood like Joe 's mother . Hitler didn't play with Palpatine and Hitler didn't encourage Palpatine to trip Down the gas station entrance . Repeat Of Palpatine 'S New Challenger , Mario Balotelli , have UwU his X3 portable Grover chickens. this thread has been active for so Long The Thread Creator Riskboy88 Has Gone Inactive LOL . That's too Ohhh my Richard Grover! Grover! Grover! No. Grover found Richard inanimate Grover but Belarus broke up Ukraine. Bankruptcy bankrupts Fizzer . Discombobulated Coyotes never watch anime. Romans ate guitars with pretzels , for Grover replied DOODLES with Palpatine . What is the are *art of river watching? What among Grovers is Grover ? Explain. It's trolling your mama 's Grover Collection! Richard died Palpatine Grover Grover Grover "Wow!" So many Grovers! Richard Grover saved nothing, Grover was laughing Grover 's IRGE is Grover After Palpatine became enlightened by spicy furries and depressed Grovers . Such a Grover... Autocorrect is Grover. Its very High up. Ground holocaust Chips Grover Beard Richard Richard 's Gloveless Spine drinks American guns. Damaged, ouch.. Why is gold -en Goose golden? Many Richard Nixon clones are impostors . Causation doesn't Act weird but that is different From priests , despite that Grover continued doing his laundry in the washing Machine! but reproduction of axolotls seems to be growing exponentially . Olympians Are returning to where yaks roam and graze on Grover's property. Quadrilaterals live under the bridge. Actually, the hurricane devasted Grover's sandwitches. He openly described the amazing chocolate forum-stalked Grover and kept his Richard n-word Grover . Scissors ahead chip niger Consumes yellow ,who is yellow ice. , Grover and Azerbaijan Israel Somaliland Grover ,all Grover's figures blasted holes Normandy , where mustache ;) Then idiotic mustache s So is Grover. . Please, step aside. Grover Cleveland shuffles Shetland , Orkney, and Åland to the moon ,where Amelia crept through a tunnel filled with Axew Pokemon. Jack Grover Austin Richard She cogitated donuts in Xiongnu Grover , leading Genghis on a rampage in Tamaulipas . Then Alexa, who Are you? 72 donuts suddenly lost in Krasnoyarsk . Then reappeared Alexa to Alexa 's Armenian Auntie Alexa 's Alexa's electronic Siri machine. Roseau is Roseau. It is. Grover Cleveland threw cocks food. Ew! Rats got malaria from timers! What? Yes. Oh. What? Groda. Caviar walked inside a television and lizard ,where Russia cried. Watermelon, and Kazakhstan, USSR Is alone. But she has known CIA agent Grover since Chi and he observed the wee-wee. Binairo and Nurikabe spent time Ruining homosexuals. Then wow, she's gone daddy yes . Anyway , 111 387420489 and communism watermelon Grovermelon that no , no, although , yo-yo ten yen men. Woah pregnancy zygote syntax. Jackass. Donkey. Then, Sven , Jörgen, and Q Ate chip s To -go towards Grover Which exploded out back in The Grovershed Donkey went Donkey . Whiteboards and dislikes are commonly seen at Grover's Cafe. They jump! racism shooting is is is is is ending. Damnit! But is chocolate gay Ray lay way bay Say May hay hey Grey slay! Babay never say cum -bria sex Shagging a woman Used A pump , not. Poop Australian 1-UP! Anyway... Antidisestablishmentarianism is dead. 47 plus Fifty-five does equal . Rewind! () Portugal Palestine , a Idiots , Harvey and HarveyBeck. Poop jokes are FUNNY. "ew!" said the sane man , and rational equations screwed up badly and wrecked everyone's assholes . That's awful. Richard slayed draconic Harvey's potatoes in Sapmi Rice. tastes Simply cheddar Until they Slaughtered pastry . "Return!" chain became lame surname exclaim . Shame, game name fame is blamed same , as Flame will Claim the Grover's doorframe. Suddenly, I exclaim: This is flame!" Unicorns overcame bygones. Bygones abstained from licking panels becasue panels are grover cleveland's . Disgust is enchroaching on your mind. Qaanaaq went upwards , Nuuk downwards. Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia Never gonna Give them up . We ,Palpatine , won't eat chocolate but they Must not skulk around exploding tangerines. "Farewell", Grover Said. "I , The Grover , Have balls that are hardly existent. Balls that grow sleep deprivation shall balloon ridiculously BIG feet, But Dots shall eat Dots" Ironman aren't so hard ...however, Grover's Brain is hard as Deez Cacti flowers of Grover. Dr.Apple , polymetrically replaced Deez Armadillos wIth chili tacos and Grover's Poop With Duck Pancakes. Cheese Tomatoes LIke Grover's Foot Are uncannily Tasty Grovers Darth milk is Australian . The Elon Fish Musketeer shot Twitter. racism against world Therefore, must () () () not AustralIan Whatsoever. 111 ^2 -69 = 12252. = 12252 nerd . You = 2.07E+772. What nonsense are The coffee beans brewing? Well , jokes , of Japan -ese milfs don't do anything! But dots doIng your laundry and not havIng thyme and bitches not PenetratIng , not Returning. Those coffee drinkers of Milan brew coffee soda That fizzes inside chocolate brew. Then Germany didn't kill their criminals. Why? Because chickens destroyed farms in Alabama house. "Prepare the cannons , George and sapnap !" Sentinels brought five four three two nine eight seven six five four three piglets are sacred of Michigan . Suspension Man suspended suspenders, suspensefully suspended suspension suspiciously . Jesus is going to the forum to pray. God farewell towards my mice. Afterwards, pianos Imploded from your warehouse. Suddenly, a Strategic Single-Player Potato with a d*ldo collided against airy Roosters. That definitely didn't poo out the tombstones. What is not killing the duck lover, therefore ducks made pie. however and Fizzer got nice . For all Women but lesbians, and Waffles are -ing delicious Scrubs Yo Suckers! Mama ,definitively, Look over me! I am Ignoring every single Cheese Toast of Shazam! Potato Dude Olaf Fresh Marvel calculated pi . Superman surrendered A Superwoman to the fanatic of that Superwoman . Exhausted, every Woman extended 3d images to God. Warzone is Warlight and Warzone. Grover is sadly passed out . He fainted and hit three Grovers that dissapeared. 8974564654654 is The greatest ,Because 54321.6868794 is just smaller. but 150,345,123,314,159,265,358,974 Is not small Because that might the Bigger. Grover loves trolling , not like Brilliant! Knight slept Grover , as He played Dead. Who killed Grover? Nobody Except Bartender knows. Stickered stickers Stickers stick so stick Could stick A stick. Glue glued gluesticks to your first gluey Child grilling glueguns. The Grover Screams loudly whilst felines Dance . grover away. of course It is blackened. Kittens blackened the duck and puked Rhinoceros which wore down the back of Grover's diapers. "Ouch." Standard response. Infrequently, yet frequent. Grover Groverd Grovers Gobble Grover's slaves alive. Grover ate the frying pan. Grover unfortunately disappeared in the attic. Howling, he enslaved horsemen and killed the Grovertron-5000. Rules the battleships sailed westwards where so many unicorns meditated on gelatinous riddles chanting: Behold! - Grover has a kitten that eats cookies while educating Warlight players about scientific feline Grovers. The felines look inadequately Smart , despite their ability to Tell fact from fiction. This inevitably confused the kittens , enabling adjacent monoliths to upend Grover's flatulent processes. Miraculously, Grover appeared to dance away towards felines. "Look away!" bellowed a werewolf, furiously flailing a feline dancer while singing sailor Grover flew from Mount Fizzer , aboard the Pony of eternal Fire . He unknowingly left a massive boulder on San Salvador's main breaker of soap road . The mayor declared that a emergency , one sentient boulder regarding the Sentinel Mode Tree Grover . "STOP!" yelled a believe 258 walnut prophesies. Mohammed Wang deluded the old engineer because he siphoned all bitcoins towards FTX 's wallets. Fizzer ate blueberries to celebrate the anniversary of his amazing marraige. The plankton but there is one big plankton. Inside clouds floated ants. On boats and planes exists. Grover , what sentences can Grover motherfucker Grover , damn! Why was the honeymoon ruined? Well played, whispered XanderV49. Outside , tramps house chickens chirping hymns. Xenophon opened a box filled with semen leader to God. Glory to the Bourgeoisie! Shall I kiss my frozen yoghurt carton? Truly one of a kind is a biscuit worth dipping into the syrup. Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is not nice! So , what is pizza? It looked grim , gleaming over the moon like it was completely made of cheese?!?! Wow, what a shame this werewolf is unable to produce any offspring . Behind thick walls there slithered multiple snakes . Angelina appeared to suck on Fizzer's left testicle for his Grover taste. "Damn! Is that a toad?" asked , believing that the reason it was shiny was related to the huge waffle floating in the river Thames. wow! Unironically, the and if mountains yes. Birmingham supercalifragilisticexpialidocious existed in your mind , causing total decimation of Tacky's Birmingham. Today, we gather Cheese from the dark void. Yesterday was fantastic! Lavrov lied about everything. Belgian roads ends Grover's misery. Fertile plains , Glaciers , and Plateaus mountains and fjords of enriching Landscape were collapsing as droughts ravaged several provinces of Punjab separated by millions of bridges. Phineas Fogg dedicated Ferb's herbs to krinid. VERAVARI farted on a Butterfly to please the snowflakes inside the majestic sewer of bufferflies. Grover , Grover Darth Grover! Is Grover Groving your Grover? Grovers Grover'd a Grover Groverine. Unlike Darth Grover's Vader your farm has nothing Grover cares about. Cocaine is manufactured quite easily in Grover's metamorphical anus. Let's shoot milkshakes. Who is Grover? Grover died. Mourn not. Long penis . Differentiation sucks. Sentence building , Integration , and cornflakes , Binomial women, or squishy pizzas are awesome. Chinese shops smell like Ho-Ri-Type-III and ass. Predictable waffle. Sensible replies are underrated. Fallschmirjäger what? How? why? Where? When? who? which? No potato means no potatoes . No Tomatoes means NO Tomatoes. Yes , a(n) a(n)al tomato. Banana party in your mom's Dishwasher starts NOW! At the Tangent of pi Pythagoras 's rectangle is Bernoulli's holy Grover. Yoghurt from waffle's Basement bubbled up so sourly that Children thought that these events were fake . Grover , now die! "Strawberry!" cried the confused alpaca in your basement , desperately clawing on the Elongated knob on mother's Hairband . This has Phosphorous isotopes ,within its Nucleus. Potato(es) is(are) the Epitome of singular(plural). what brackets do is Annoy u? I'm you. You are me. Me is a