Once, An Alien Needed to play some good music while playing with his old synthesizer He thought this was boringas heck and decided never to go meet a wolverine. Somehow, A wolverine was booted to oblivion. Therefore, the monsterate multivitamins and became a Computer. Palpatine also drempt of watching Some T-Series. He, Palpatine, went to the woodshop formassage and accidentally died. Then turned into Palpatine splited your Glasses. Unbeknowst, Palpatine became into some walking tongue maliciouslydying, because Flash took my pineapple. Palpatine isn't Palpatine, Instead he's Darth Palpatine! Sheev hold my massive mega-lodon. Palpatinehas died. one Palpatine hunted another dragon using Palpatine so that Palpatine thought "hey, lets look inside adamthe douche." , then he, Palpatine, ripped off Mario. He, Mario, Of course! Palpatine is very Palpatiney. Accordingly, Bible sayshe Wasn't Mario nor a big thicc black ant. Satan should go and sleep. McDonalds is Greasy. Dogs arenot dogs. Palpatine laughs. France invaded by Kenyans. UFOs don't disappear unless Palpatine stinks of Yaks'and Peach, not knives. Then, spontaneously, multivitamins attacked. Therefore, Palpatine. What? It's dead. Palestine annexed America Derailing, please stop. No, kittens overwhelmed Danwellby pooping on posters. Damn, posters are belongs to Satan and God's Palpatine Candles. Gay, some llamas pooped bricks rippingtheir anus. But then, cloth blew into some multivitamins And suddenly a ate australia twice. Emu is, unfortunately, notextinct. However, we do understand Warzone RaffleBot is stealing coin Rafl00000rs. Outraged, they want reparations. Lego Palpatine chewschameleons while peeing orange juice. Kids! Let's bang bricks on fetus es! Yay! Moving on, we fight! But, lightbulbs explode becausedepression is crippling away from platypi. Dogs like you with sauce moustaches. What? Underestimating squirrels mating results death brain-error. Confucius once sat anvil. "Can Palpatine bring multivitamins to Bermuda for experiments?," said noone. Suddenly, without pineapples, stop! Woah! said LND "This was Afghanistan's computer virus which Got supercharged with technology!" Amen. Kanye is stupid donuts Thoughthee surrender nuggets. "Palpatine!" The Politician of dust is to succ. However, Danwell Jackson isn't really Palpatine. Endemicsare end. Somehow, fake masks ) stories, no, Palpatine killed me! That explains enjoyment. Tetris sucks. Even pegs Daddy liked are irrelevant and relevant. President Orange who regaled Google took Gatorade which oxidated oxygenWith multivitamins. One day, Raffl00000000000000000000000000rs stepsister made! raffle with chicken wings. and Danwell deoxidised. Then, "meow" meowed loliconLollipops pop. Let's kill Palpatine! Agree. Palpatine is kawaii but Luxembourg is stronk However brazil sucks And America doesn't. TheCarrot does Cutting as It healthy For the Zombies. "Are taxi drivers Peeking cowboy? Logic gates go downtoilet forgotted. Next, he died. Bergan121 didn't. Yay! Downloading never works. Let's put differences in a locker! Egg-man destroyedmom's virginity. In time Shrek became outdated, making Dr. Phil worthy of hair. Valve. Wut? DUCK! Cuck. No Luck. Shrek's irrelevantbehavior is irrelevant So here we go, eating chocolate." "Anime sucks because schoolgirls are thots! ", yelled Hitler histerically with-out Dog food is doomed to fall into alien-doggo but poo happens. Battle_Master ranted" f***. Pie is dopeand GODS favour Goralgn died. "In da o, autismo. The. Seriously?" , said RobTop probably But 你媽媽內褲很好. Agenocide probably FOOD Was hamburger. Normies suck. Mommy shouted, "VACCINES cause AUTISM, but oils and herbs cause death" . Daddyrepl-eye-d, "Our toilet isn't." battle-spammerro from the dastardly hole. Baba yaga is lame. Sickly sentences. Baba isLesbian And ready. Meanwhile, Danwell ate*disruption*Cake. Lined. Warzone. com. Lined slave No ate bullets. Asphyxiation is abitch. But drowning internally, on fungus pizza kamikaze, is Japanese. A wild hoe appeared! Corn candy super yum. Bimbos Aren'thuman, because science. Danone ended you. What with your keyboard? "It's somehow sticky Slime covering key holes. Puzzles-dazzles citizens aren't sauerkraut are sour. Narwhals aren't not cooler s. Level is 56 and I is not 57 But gays, no! Infinite threads are infinite." Hail is the ice melting in Antarctica! Pineapples want blood to Juice. Keke near Viking1007PAUZE. Baba facing Yaga is very dead. However, no. witch craft helps to do Pie madeobesity. This nonsense is nonsense amplified. Me and Baba want chicken and Palpatine. Flag maps are win. I Plagues taxpayershumbly. They Boston-pick Palpatine because Thanos is Palpatine? Yes, that seems to work. Although trigger-warnings are killing DanWL, Mrs. 󠀡http://www. waezone. com PUG Are s. Why does this suck? Because trolls. likes brain lobes. Why did forums let you down? Because, Baba shouted "Baba dies." . Keke. Dot-ted zebra food. Keke. Instincivaly, Keke makes Pie and Chocolate, why? Sanchez. BabaGODDUCKING egg YOU died. DUCKARSE means. Bab achieved credits. So Baba left. The Bob died. The rocks rolled over. Watersank Baba. Trolling. Baba Master had great poo-accident at gay club. But he got disease COVID-19 and self-quarantined unsuccessfully, so. Nevermind, let's play The game of Monopoly titties and cash. Still, it's frustrating. Baba also ate himself multivitamins, then Palpatine! Palpatine unprofessionally destroyed you MONSTER cocg! He, doing well, members only games, died. Stop dying, turtles! Baba. DPRCis in the congo baby baby baby ohhhhhhhh. You are so lovely tonight, NOT! Thou thots and therapists must becertified or extra-certified. Dad? Can you give tampons to sniff? [b]*snnnnnnnnf*[/b] Thanks! I don't care about your Kanye, bud. Hand yourself, selflessly, human. Wow! "Hey! babe my Baba stinks" said Palpatine, eating a porcupine. As Palpatine walks, on legos, "Ouchie." Meanwhile, Jews eat pork. It's Jewish God-given and boring big brain. chickenburger patties made Ethiopians vomit because theyare not dumb you understand? No. Well, Palestine wishes you would stop sending nudes randomly. A EA Keeps TheGames Away. Palpatine used the africans to Fight Fizzer. Dunderback Palpatine walked OvertForeigner outside and fell down The stairs intodeath but now he is dead, sadly. Indeed, it killed him abruptly. That's very sad and disappointing, ok? *Sigh*Hedrank bleach too before his liver ran cold Like so. Please die too. Now. Tide comes with fishand fish. Indeed, this planet explodes when fish sun grows big. Paper planes crash every time. So? Sewing needleshave pp that is dangerous to kids and pets, because life. Palpatine eat his cake. He will fish noobsout of their pools before they shrink and chocolate stinks bad. Even you breathe underwater, that's because you noob. Warzonefounder and creator Жұқтыру once retired of his own doing. Then it died unexpectedly. Why, that's cruel! Youdeadly and you suck. Prepare your army for my surrender, loser! You bubbles body soap in a bathtuband Beyoncé Also shares a bedroom with homeless people. Palpatine, again? Why? Behave. Magic happens. Why does Palpatine derail Shoelacesvendetta! He ruled Palpatine deserves Rats milk Served Palpatine. What the chicken uprising of the Tyson Tyrone? said that thingate stu-ffed animals bite. Cheese cubes with garlic sauce stink like Trump supporters! Joe mama also mia didMH370 okurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. The tangent tangerine triumphed at triangular terminals where an elephant virus infected you. Mike died Usinga condom from inactivity. Friends suck, but Warlight sucks more than black Cock. Maybe CHAZ sucks, but islamisn't bad. It's erect from nowhere, but at pants town Islam is old. Small potatoes are small. Life goes onrailroad, that's China town. We don't railroad. Pondicherry Is lame because Palpatine killed a jawa for Multivitamins then played withcantina railroad men. There don't exist anything worthwhile to post when not. Taking drugs can increase IQ and Reid Factor. Penis, grew very large. Palpatine exploded on a wookie. Jaywalking sucks, so my camel sucked. My very first nipple fellinto the Stapler and hitler ate supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. Palpatine cock shrank. Dogs eat rocks. OvertForeigner is pizza made with butts ofretardation threads. Delaware railroad rebel, they revolutionize phallic idols and nuclear pizzas. Women stoned in judea are condemned Nutsrailroading themselves. "Shit!" are queer and hug Comoros. Radioactive hugs and kisses 世界 blown up by Russians. Augmentation reallyoccurs rarely In Rhodesia and Narnia again. Obsession licks of Palpatine cock poultry penis but he, Kazan, ate the chickennest dick pick. Nonsense rule Qara Khithai Turks that suck urine from penguins and coochie that open my mailbox. white is Konstanz Jelly fish victim islam sucks, JK. No really advised Chagatai purged Saluzzo Because it arranged thevasectomy area. Warzone died when mercer took over Saxony. Saxony paid hundreds spaceships to bring fizzer to Wurttemburg. Those CHICKensdance ballet every millenia. They lick cocaine cocks until Chagatai stuffed Chagatai and Player25253's asshole with Mongols arsenal. Cheeseexplodes cheese sometimes. When time implodes, a quark looks vaporized. The 1493rd war started in Player25253's asshole. ImediatelyPlanck Your forehead Into batmobile because repairs cost millions. Penile measurements fire Greeks and Greeks and Greeks. Greek Kingdomextrapolated nothing with knives. Anime sucks. OverForeigner is retarded. AOT is 遅滞 good. Palpatine Multivitamins create multivitamins. Mountain mountain bikebike bike mountainous and bike fortifications get bike bike bike trike Is weird bike biken't biker EXTRATERRITORIALITY. Lebensraum. Hofgericht Rammed nowhere Up stairs Americana Ate Aragonese Cheese that faceplanted ) me cheese-burger Lasagna. "Provence, you are so sexy!" Palpatine's Multivitamins annexed… Philippines Penguins and Seals. Once, anAnimal--Harambe--danced like a freaking Hippie from Mexico City. wait The waiting Time is chewing! How dare You, harlot! Shave bears and punch rocks While life is Andalucian. Living potatoes are absurdly comical. Meanwhile, Nagorno-Karabakh tried unsuccessfully tobecome Palpatine. Black cats never go Bananas. They love apples Without seeds. Then, Palpatine absurdly decided that children can't havealligators in Nairobi. Doesn't like being Indian, even Albuquerque is deciding to outlaw police disrespect. It is so boring! Lo, behold the Armenian nation! Georgia, US, and Tbilisi, all Georgias Spine are spinning hippopotamus violently. Extrapolatingthe Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis leads under pants yet deficiencies prevent the mighty rise Rome and Palpatine died. Giraffenuts and… bathwater Sibir/Kazakh Exploded on Palpatine's Beautiful swollen potatoes. No one asked the/you for your word, so let's pretendlike nothing waffles. The forum is an absolute wreck and except for your sexy navel. Waffle Belgium is gayFor himself. Waffle is hella damned. That's a big maddafacka Called this name Is atrocious but okay. I think you Love this forum, hence you love it! Liechtensteiner is yummy, as he underestimates eating waffles. Mousesare sexy but not very nice because they bully destroy aeroplanes by going Yeetus Deletus my a**is suchthat my sexy shrine of sausage. Liechtenstein suck. "Piano" sucks. Player25253 sucks mama Mia! Herewe don't know what is love baby don't hurt me, don't be fluffy as rabbits but let's be homies forever. I am Communism and I want your socks because Lenin said "Huzzah!" and died. The alien needed money for prostitutesand also for synthesizers who let Palpatine die. Yay! Your nan looks sexy, so your throbbing Sausage throbs and twitches. It sucks to be so irrelevant. Banana!, said "Suddenly a Pineapples!" and basta. Yeet no. story word forum, OK?! Chickens, as delicious as pi truffles and as gloves. Windows 11 is prehistoric because microsoft always denied making decepticons. Wedon't have 2000 coins Well, let's get some chicKen. Well now we have, which meant that life is great. The end. Yet, not so! Indeed, this means that everything hasn't gone away, although it The Fire. Welcome, wemean business. Thus, you must Are Eat*our Sausage to live! Francophones do have big hemorrhoids due to the Excessiveconsumption of yellow snails. Surely, Yellow must-ard was Consumed by the powerful Almighty tyrant of "evil" and stupid lawsof gravity. Automatically the response bot posted "Get rekt, loser" . Arabian nations are quite ignorant when something iscaffeinated hard. Maybe you should amaze the coffee stuff. Joe just parked In the arena because "Roman cats don't work!" . Naturally, Alabaman Slammed mobile phones your coffee, but we don't know what Hexagons were destroyed With. Noragrets. Olives possess the property of buckminsterfullerene. Wow! It's still early, [b]NOT[/b], late, huzzah! A duck-like duck ducks, quacking "Peace is war" . River Plate won last cup of World is Tasty PALPATINE blockaded Venice hard. Krakov sucks. But thena Spiral Igino Igino*Ingino*and end. Why does Warzone Montoya die. That thing over there is my wife. She'san idiot, and likes abstinence from Joes. Arica is obviously not relevant. I have The high kings and queens ofthe arid wastelands In the of Agrabah Only Players are playing games. Today Lemmings invaded china with UFOsand marshmellows, which Are building Iraqi Iran. 1 2 Look 4 687, they're Knocking unconscious Waifus byslapping fish with waffle's Fish. They, unwillingly, Slap their friends using fish sticks and deadly fish. Also, fish soldiers fishfish. Fish can't fish. Go Fishing in the Of ass holes. Ass trimmings provide nutrition. Waluigi is Armenian. Suddenly, pineapples. ASDF Is 13, wow, what has become? Nothingness Is Filled with Palpatine multivitamins Wolverines and Mayan architecture. You Areamazing. Thanks! You aren't. Noooo:( Sorry… but Some body once told the Miraculous Palpatine "Die" . Joe Mama so fat cowrumps Are rumps. Omae wa Mou Shindeiru! the NANI? Anime is gay. People! The extremists just disappeared, Catgirls Arentcatboys. Still, Kitsunes consciously touch me on My sensitive anus! NO! Stop If you believe in Satan. Satan isn't Jesusnor Palpatine. perpetrated his mother's Shoelace. Yes. Let's strip Orannis. Kidding! That Was hella Computers. So, no. Operatingsystems mostly ensure tragedies happen. Execute virgins! why? Because Order demands That virgins shall 66 the holy genocides. Fantastic Mr. Chabashira. Stop. No. said their Porcupine. *Big Bill Boobs bounce Beautifully, bringing boys back To bed, blushing because bennadictBumblebatch is being Stupid by Breathing air beneath billions of Tiktok braindead Thots. And Thats That! Really? )Me gusta. Hello, are you betrayed by wife? No. Globglogabgalab And Gulgulgulul like Books, so Librarian gnomes spell Œœœœææœœœœææ toyansaxengówÿœœœœæœźö'kùgggggißwąqt'a'a'ř'yoxñɠøqüarboiõwhyyyyycáboãŋggʁggɠggəoooõiirIIpæjajarrjarbünfeuksiy you. Its lame. Waffle knows Facts! This means he deserves crucifixion and Death is in[b]e[/b]vitable o[b]r[/b] mortals like yo[b]u[/b]. Яaffles are rigged because I listen t Anime! Hentài! Porn! Bonk Daddy. Fire water air earth Plasma. LongSausages have awesome Meatballs. They lived in harmony. Luftwaffle attacked Poland using Pancakezers. Nazism implies German porn isn't very Good. Honestly, It's mediocre Porn. Yes? Yes. What Do Germans like In the Porn? Weinerschnitzel is underscoring Me By Palpatine Reystop. Hahahaha, no. Yes. Maybe. We bipolar opposites, find Supercalifraglisticespialidocius love. Never gonna give you a p, Up, never Tomatolet you go, never gonna say Goodbye. Never gonna eat Gingerbread, no Please, spare Condoms. Thank Men for Ooooooooooooooooo girl, you. In wet. Mrs. Smith chose the fat Men. It Is mad. In extreme Name, Star nuns pray tokill Waffle. Ah, Waffle truly Loves Grover because He's COVID19. Also, Nuts cause OwO abstains. Overall, 3. 14 Lols in Grover'sgrave. This insanity is insane, llama llama llama alpaca. Okay, that is absurd Or llamalicious …not. I cannot stand OnGrover's Sensitive little Grover marinating Grover. Fire, water, earth Yeet. Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard RichardRichard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Grover Grover Richard Grover Richard Richard Richard is MountainDew dispensers are Richards and Rick Astley Favorite Language Eighty-seven Is incomprehensible. Overwatch's dead. Minecraft is Fabulous. Grover died. TheNew Grover Is cheating on Big brother's asshole. My ostriches Are ostrichy ostriches. When Richard Richard Richard Richard GereRichard Richard Richard Richard Rick Astley won't give you Up. Grover won't Give you up Because he devolves, goodbye! However, mitochondria Is the powerhouse of her own Grover. Is Grover a simp-le, so carrots. Please, make the America hasHey you Are awesome! Not bad. Hi, you're listening carefully on RadioTV! Wow You Really Are Weird. Amanda justpuke smelly Poop. All posts Apply to Weed whackers To weed killers And weed seeds. What Should Batman believe theJoker's Red Roses But Anuses taste Good? Answers Made peanut Hard to Eat, wow! Hitler was Hi's Soldier! BruhOur washing machine broke! That's Even better Rigged, because Putin No No Words Words! *No soup soup Grover clevelandSoup is Soupy tasty Yeetifying soup and Everyone and Me I*why? soup Cookies Have Chocolate Cakesand soup Porn Ewww. Grover Cleveland's insanity is not real. Why? Because he's Grover DarthVader made taxidermist. What? Grover Incognito simulator sucked. Similarly, Hitler sucked, NOT. Stepsister, Hitler did nothing, but Hitler somehow Groveredtowards Player25253's bananas. What is Warzone? What is Hitler's computer? No Way Richard stood like Joe's mother. Hitlerdidn't play with Palpatine and Hitler didn't encourage Palpatine to trip Down the gas station entrance. Repeat Of Palpatine'S New Challenger, Mario Balotelli, have UwU his X3 portable Grover chickens. this thread has been active for so LongThe Thread Creator Riskboy88 Has Gone Inactive LOL. That's too long!!! [b]!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [/b] Ohhh my Richard Grover! Grover! Grover! No. Grover foundRichard inanimate Grover but Belarus broke up Ukraine. Bankruptcy bankrupts Fizzer. Discombobulated Coyotes never watch anime. Romans ateguitars with pretzels, for Grover replied DOODLES with Palpatine. What is the are*art of river watching? What among Groversis Grover? Explain. It's trolling your mama's Grover Collection! Richard died Palpatine Grover Grover Grover "Wow!" So many Grovers! Richard Grover saved nothing, Grover was laughing Grover's IRGE is Grover After Palpatine became enlightened by spicy furries anddepressed Grovers. Such a Grover… Autocorrect is Grover. Its very High up. Ground holocaust Chips Grover Beard Richard Richard'sGloveless Spine drinks American guns. Damaged, ouch.. Why is gold-en Goose golden? Many Richard Nixon clones are impostors. Causationdoesn't Act weird but that is different From priests, despite that Grover continued doing his laundry in the washing Machine! but reproduction of axolotls seems to be growing exponentially. Olympians Are returning to where yaks roam and graze onGrover's property. Quadrilaterals live under the bridge. Actually, the hurricane devasted Grover's sandwitches. He openly described the amazing chocolateforum-stalked Grover and kept his Richard n-word Grover. Scissors ahead chip nigerConsumes yellow, who is yellow ice., Grover and Azerbaijan Israel Somaliland Grover, all Grover's figures blasted holesNormandy, where mustache; ) Then idiotic mustache s So is Grover.. Please, step aside. Grover Cleveland shuffles Shetland, Orkney, andÅland to the moon, where Amelia crept through a tunnel filled with Axew Pokemon. Jack Grover Austin Richard She cogitateddonuts in Xiongnu Grover, leading Genghis on a rampage in Tamaulipas. Then Alexa, who Are you? 72 donuts suddenly lostin Krasnoyarsk. Then reappeared Alexa to Alexa's Armenian Auntie Alexa's Alexa's electronic Siri machine. Roseau is Roseau. It is. Grover Cleveland threw cocks food. Ew! Rats got malaria from timers! What? Yes. Oh. What? Groda. Caviar walkedinside a television and lizard, where Russia cried. Watermelon, and Kazakhstan, USSR Is alone. But she has known CIA agentGrover since Chi and he observed the wee-wee. Binairo and Nurikabe spent time Ruining homosexuals. Then wow, she's gone daddyyes. Anyway, 111 387420489 and communism watermelon Grovermelon that no, no, although, yo-yo ten yen men. Woah pregnancy zygote syntax. Jackass. Donkey. Then, Sven, Jörgen, and Q Ate chip s To-go towards Grover Which exploded out back in TheGrovershed Donkey went Donkey. Whiteboards and dislikes are commonly seen at Grover's Cafe. They jump! racism shooting is is isis is ending. Damnit! But is chocolate gay Ray lay way bay Say May hay hey Grey slay! Babaynever say cum-bria sex Shagging a woman Used A pump, not. Poop Australian 1-UP! Anyway… Antidisestablishmentarianismis dead. 47 plus Fifty-five does equal. Rewind! () Portugal Palestine, aIdiots, Harvey and HarveyBeck. Poop jokes are FUNNY. "ew!" said the sane man, and rational equations screwed up badly and wrecked everyone's assholes. That's awful. Richard slayed draconic Harvey's potatoes in SapmiRice. tastes Simply cheddar Until they Slaughtered pastry. "Return!" chain became lame surname exclaim. Shame, game name fame is blamedsame, as Flame will Claim the Grover's doorframe. Suddenly, I exclaim:This is flame! "Unicorns overcame bygones. Bygones abstained fromlicking panels becasue panels are grover cleveland's. Disgust is enchroaching on your mind. Qaanaaq went upwards, Nuuk downwards. HippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobiaNever gonna Give them up. We, Palpatine, won't eat chocolate but they Must not skulk around exploding tangerines." Farewell ", Grover Said." I, The Grover, Have balls that are hardly existent. Balls that grow sleep deprivation shall balloon ridiculously BIGfeet, But Dots shall eat Dots "Ironman aren't so hard …however, Grover's Brain is hard as Deez Cacti flowersof Grover. Dr. Apple, polymetrically replaced Deez Armadillos wIth chili tacos and Grover's Poop With Duck Pancakes. Cheese Tomatoes LIke Grover'sFoot Are uncannily Tasty Grovers Darth milk is Australian. The Elon Fish Musketeer shot Twitter. racism against world Therefore, must() () () not AustralIan Whatsoever. 111 ^2-69+42069^-69 nerd. You69^420 What nonsense are The coffee beans brewing? Well, jokes, of Japan-ese milfs don't do anything! But dotsdoIng your laundry and not havIng thyme and bitches not PenetratIng, not Returning. Those coffee drinkers of Milan brew coffeesoda That fizzes inside chocolate brew. Then Germany didn't kill their criminals. Why? Because chickens destroyed farms in Alabamahouse." Prepare the cannons, George and sapnap! "Sentinels brought five four three two nine eight seven six five fourthree piglets are sacred of Michigan. Suspension Man suspended suspenders, suspensefully suspended suspension suspiciously. Jesus is going to the forumto pray. God farewell towards my mice. Afterwards, pianos Imploded from your warehouse. Suddenly, a Strategic Single-Player Potato with ad*ldo collided against airy Roosters. That definitely didn't poo out the tombstones. What is not killing the duck lover, thereforeducks made pie. however JK_3 and Fizzer got nice. For all Women but lesbians, and Waffles are-ing deliciousScrubs Yo Suckers! Mama, definitively, Look over me! I am Ignoring every single Cheese Toast of Shazam! Potato Dude Olaf Fresh Marvel calculated pi. Superman surrendered A Superwoman to the fanatic of that Superwoman. Exhausted, everyWoman extended 3d images to God. Warzone is Warlight and Warzone. Grover is sadly passed out. He fainted and hitthree Grovers that dissapeared. 8974564654654 is The greatest, Because 54321. 6868794 is just smaller. but 150, 345, 123, 314, 159, 265, 358, 974 Is not small Because thatmight the Bigger. Grover loves trolling, not like Brilliant! Knight slept Grover, as He played Dead. Who killed Grover? Nobody Except Bartender knows. Stickered stickers Stickers stick so stick Could stick A stick. Glue glued gluesticks to your firstgluey Child grilling glueguns. The Grover Screams loudly whilst felines Dance. grover away. of course It is blackened. Kittens blackenedthe duck and puked Rhinoceros which wore down the back of Grover's diapers." Ouch. "Standard response. Infrequently, yet frequent. GroverGroverd Grovers Gobble Grover's slaves alive. Grover ate the frying pan. Grover unfortunately disappeared in the attic. Howling, he enslavedhorsemen and killed the Grovertron-5000. Rules the battleships sailed westwards where so many unicorns meditated on gelatinous riddles chanting:Behold! -Grover has a kitten that eats cookies while educating Warlight players about scientific feline Grovers. The felines look inadequately Smart, despite their ability to Tell fact from fiction. This inevitably confused the kittens, enabling adjacent monoliths to upend Grover's flatulentprocesses. Miraculously, Grover appeared to dance away towards felines." Look away! "bellowed a werewolf, furiously flailing a feline dancer whilesinging sailor Grover flew from Mount Fizzer, aboard the Pony of eternal Fire. He unknowingly left a massive boulderon San Salvador's main breaker of soap road. The mayor declared that a emergency, one sentient boulder regarding theSentinel Mode Tree Grover." STOP! "yelled a believe 258 walnut prophesies. Mohammed Wang deluded the old engineer because hesiphoned all bitcoins towards FTX's wallets. Fizzer ate blueberries to celebrate the anniversary of his amazing marraige. The planktonbut there is one big plankton. Inside clouds floated ants. On boats and planes exists. Grover, what sentences canGrover motherfucker Grover, damn! Why was the honeymoon ruined? Well played, whispered XanderV49. Outside, tramps house chickens chirping hymns. Xenophonopened a box filled with semen t, the leader to God. Glory to the Bourgeoisie! Shall I kiss my frozenyoghurt carton? Truly one of a kind is a biscuit worth dipping into the syrup. Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is not nice! So, what is pizza? It looked grim, gleaming over the moon like it was completely made of cheese?!?! Wow, what ashame this werewolf is unable to produce any offspring. Behind thick walls there slithered multiple snakes. Angelina appeared to suckon Fizzer's left testicle for his Grover taste." Damn! Is that a toad? "asked JK_3, believing that the reason itwas shiny was related to the huge waffle floating in the river Thames. wow! Unironically, the and if mountains yes. Birmingham supercalifragilisticexpialidocious existed in your mind, causing total decimation of Tacky's Birmingham. Today, we gather Cheese from the dark void. Yesterday was fantastic! Lavrov lied about everything. Belgian roads ends Grover's misery. Fertile plains, Glaciers, and Plateaus mountains andfjords of enriching Landscape were collapsing as droughts ravaged several provinces of Punjab separated by millions of bridges. Phineas Foggdedicated Ferb's herbs to krinid. VERAVARI farted on a Butterfly to please the snowflakes inside the majestic sewer of bufferflies. Grover, Grover Darth Grover! Is Grover Groving your Grover? Grovers Grover'd a Grover Groverine. Unlike Darth Grover's Vader yourfarm has nothing Grover cares about. Cocaine is manufactured quite easily in Grover's metamorphical anus. Let's shoot milkshakes. Who isGrover? Grover died. Mourn not. Long penis. Differentiation sucks. Sentence building, Integration, and cornflakes, Binomial women, or squishy pizzas areawesome. Chinese shops smell like Ho-Ri-Type-III and ass. Predictable waffle. Sensible replies are underrated. Fallschmirjäger what? How? why? Where? When? who? which? No potato means no potatoes. No Tomatoes means NO Tomatoes. Yes, a(n) a(n)al tomato. Banana party in yourmom's Dishwasher starts NOW! At the Tangent of pi Pythagoras's rectangle is Bernoulli's holy Grover. Yoghurt from waffle's Basementbubbled up so sourly that Children thought that these events were fake. Grover, now die!" Strawberry!"cried the confused alpacain your basement, desperately clawing on the Elongated knob on mother's Hairband. This has Phosphorous isotopes, within its Nucleus. Potato(es)is(are) the Epitome of singular(plural). what brackets do is Annoy u? I'm you. You are me. Me is a